I care that you are not allowed to leave yet
Mr. Bai said it all
As long as I cure Bai Tianyu
Let's turn the page on today's events
Why can't Xueyao and I leave yet?
Mr. Bai did say that
But here's the thing.
Did you really cure Uncle Bai's illness?
It's not me, is it you?
Certainly not me.
But not you
Zheng Wei, what do you mean?
Yes, Zheng Wei.
What do you want to express?
I misdiagnosed Sisi just now
Uncle Bai doesn't have sudden depression
It was pseudodepression.
Just take a break to recover
That is to say
My father's illness was not cured by supper
He recovered on his own.
Is that so good?
I told you
When did you become a doctor?
It turned out that the blind cat met the dead mouse.
If not for the political commissar
We almost believed this crap
Xiaoye, you slapped me just now
How to settle this account
Waste, don't you hurry up and kneel down and apologize?
Grandpa, don't let this trash go
Oops, as long as you divorce the supper
It's tomorrow
Forget it.